
Dear Aathur,

>Sounds excellent. I must say that the 'license-only' registrations will
>probably be the most popular ones. Whenever a disk registration comes
>through it would be easier to create the disks myself here.

You can reproduce and distribute disks containing the "shareware"
version of hslink if you wish, though I'm not sure exactly how to set
the dealer price price.  If at some point I distribute "non-shareware"
versions on disk, I would prefer to handle the the duplication here.

>As for the documentation, i'd like to order 5 of them in advance.

I am going to print with the manuals in the next week.  How do you want
them shipped?  Can I send them through UPS/blue, fedex or what?

>One other thing you must remember is to add a special line on a package
>whenever you send me some (i.e. manuals etc). Put a line on the package
>as follows:
>        "Aanwijzing Art. 23, codenr: 411/1671.79.457.B01"

Will do.

>Another suggestion for your software: Here in Europe, hackers are very wild
>and will most certainly also attack HS/Link. I suggest that you put somekind
>of expiration in the .EXE files either by having them checking the date of
>the .CFG file or something else. This is simple and can be ofcourse be
>overidden too, but it still makes it less easy to start debugging the
>.EXE file for some folks!

I've spent the last couple of weeks doing little else but fighting
hackers.  Last night I received a copy of a program that totally cracked
the serial number system in 10D8. I was hoping to get v1.0 out this
week, but now there will have to be at least one more beta.

You made no mention of paragraph 13.4 sentence 3, so I will remove it
from the agreement.

>I consider our agreement as a nice start for 1992! Hopefully it will work
>for both of us in a positive way. If there are any questions or requests
>please let me know of them.

Thank you very much.  I'm sure things will work very well for us.  I
will fax you a signed copy of the contract later today.  I will follow
it with two signed originals by mail; please sign them and return one
for my records.

                                        Regards,

                                        Samuel Smith

