
ProDoor Main Menu Command Summary
---------------------------------

(A)bandon conference, return to main message area.
(B)ulletin listings.
(C)omment to sysop.
(D)ownload files.
(E)nter a message.
(F)ile directory listings.
(FL)ag file for later download.
(F V)iew/extract zipfiles.
(G)oodbye, logoff.
(H)otkey mode.  Enable instant response on most commands.
(J)oin a conference, enter new message and file areas.
(J A)uto-join configuration update.
(J N)ew messages in all conferences.
(J S)tatus of all conferences.
(J Y)our mail.  Scan for conferences with new mail addressed to you.
(J +)join next higher conference.
(J -)join next lower conference.
(LIB)rary request (access CD-ROM).
(L)ocate files (by name).
(M)ode (graphics on/off).
(N)ew files (by date).
(NODE) status display.
(NEWS) repeat news message for main board or conference.
(O)perator page.
(OPEN) another door.
(P)age length.
(Q)uick mail scan.
(QQ)uicker mail scan.
(QU)it to PCBoard.
(R)ead and reply-to messages.
(REPACK) zipfile with maximum compression.
(REPLY) to specific messages.
(S)can.  Toggle auto-join and (zipm a).
(T)able of protocols.
(TEST) zipfile validity.
(U)pload a file.
(V)iew user profile.
(VX)quick view/extract zipfile contents.
(W)rite user database information.  Change password and other stuff.
(X)pert mode.
(Y)our mail.
(YA) your mail or mail to "all".
(Z)ippy DIR Scan (by subject).
(ZIPM)  Compress new messages for download.


ProDoor Command Examples
------------------------

   D Z file1 file2           ;download with (Z)modem protocol

   D file S                  ;immediately (s)tart download of files
   
   D file1 file2 G           ;immediately start d/l of files, (g)oodbye at end

   F 1 2 3 NS                ;non-stop listing of file directories 1 2 and 3. 

   B;3;11;NS                 ;non-stop listing of bulletins 3 and 11.

   J M                       ;main board

   J;6                       ;join conference 6

   J TOOLS                   ;join tools conference

   L *PCB* 1 2               ;locate files with 'PCB' in the filename in 
                              file areas 1 and 2. 
                                         
   N 120188 U NS             ;non-stop listing of files newer than 
                              12/01/88 in the upload directory. 

   N;S;A                     ;new files (s)ince last time on in all file areas.

   DOOR;3                    ;switch to DOOR number 3

   R 2000+ NS                ;non-stop reading forward from msg 2000. 
   
   F;V;file                  ;verbose listing of component files within
                              file.ZIP.  Prompts for text view and
                              extract. 

   VX file                   ;skips the verbose listing and goes 
                              directly to text view and extract 
                              function. 
                              
   ZIPM A                    ;zip new mail in all conferences.



ProDoor Command Details
-----------------------

(A)bandon   Leave current conference and return to the Main Board.
            Continue reading messages.

(B)ulletin  Bulletin listings.  List the bulletins available for viewing
            and the date they were placed on the system.

(C)omment   Enter a comment message to the sysop.  You specify the
            'subject' of the message.  The message will be protected so
            it is seen only by the sysop.

(D)ownload  "Downloading" refers to moving files from this system to
            your system.  You can also "stack" (S)tart or (G)oodbye
            after the last filename to immediately start the transfer.
            Examples:
               D SPOON
               D Z SNOW PLASTIC
               D file S              ;immediately start download of files
               D file1 file2 G       ;immediately start d/l of files, goodbye at end

(E)nter     Enter a new message.  You then specify who the message is to
            be addressed to, as well as the 'subject' of the message.
            You can protect the message so it will be seen only be the
            'receiver'.

(F)ile      File directory listings.  Lists the names of the files that
            are available on the board for downloading to your system.
  
(FL)ag      Flag file for later download.  All flagged files are
            automatically selected for download when you use the
            (D)ownload command. Note:  you will lose your flag list when
            you use (U)pload, (ZIPM), (TEST) or (REPACK) commands.
            Use (FL U) (file) to UN-flag a specific file.
            Use (FL U *) to completely clear the flag list.

(G)oodbye   Logs you off the system.  Examples:
                G          ;logoff
                G Q        ;quick logoff, bypass closing bulletins

(H)otkeys   Enable instant response on most commands.  Eliminates the
            need to type RETURN to activate most commands.
            In hotkey mode you should use ";" (not SPACE) to "stack"
            commands.  The spacebar acts like RETURN in hotkey mode.

(J)oin      Allows you to switch to a different conference.  You may
            specify either a conference number or a conference name.
            Don't use <SPACE> in hotkey mode.  Examples:
               J M         ;main board
               J;+         ;join next available conference
               J;6         ;join conference 6
               J TOOLS     ;join tools conference
               J;2;Q       ;quick join, bypassing conference news
               J S         ;status of all conferences
               J S +       ;status of conferences after current one
               J A 20      ;configure autoscan starting with conference 20

            These subfunctions are available:
               (A)uto-join configuration update
               (M)ain board
               (N)ew message status
               (S)tatus of all conferences        
               (Y)our mail.  Scan for conferences with new mail for you
               (+)next higher conference
               (-)next lower conference

(LIB)rary   This selection allows access to CD-ROM libraries. The
            selected CR-ROM disk will automatically be compressed into
            a zipfile for you to view, manipulate and download.
            Example:
               LIB 801

(L)ocate    Locate files (by name).  With this selection, you can scan
            the file directories for a matching filename.  Examples of
            valid wildcards:
               L *PC        ;Files ending in 'PC'
               L PC*        ;Files starting with 'PC'

(M)ode      Select graphics or non-graphics display mode.  Turns the
            ANSI graphics mode on and off.

(N)ew file  Scan (by date).  Allows you to search the file directory
            listings for either new files added to the system since the
            last time you called, or for files added from a date which
            you specify.  Examples:
               N S U
               N 118087 1 2 3
               N 3 4

(NEWS)      Repeat conference news message.  Redisplays the system news
            message.  If you are inside a conference, you will see the
            conference news/welcome message again.

(NODE)      Displays the list of callers that are online on other nodes
            in a multi-node system.

(O)perator  This selection allows you to try and page the sysop to come
            to the computer.

(P)age      Sets the number of lines displayed before stopping with a
            "More:" prompt.  Setting page length to 0 disables all more
            prompting.

(Q)uick     Shows you a quick summary of messages available for reading.
            Includes the first 72 characters of message text.

(QQ)uicker  Shows you a quicker summary of messages available for reading.
            Does not display any of the message text.

(QU)it      Return to PCBoard.  This selection closes the door and
            returns you to the main bbs program.

(R)ead      Read and reply-to messages.  This selection allows you to
            read the messages in the current conference.  Additional
            help is available at the mail command prompt.  Example:
               R S

(REPACK)    Re pack zipfile with maximum compression. This selection will
            re compress a selected zipfile and store the result in
            $SCRATCH$.   You can specify an alternate format to convert
            files to a format you can use. Examples:
               REPACK TPC14.ARC LZH     ;convert .ARC to .LZH format
               REPACK PRODOR30 ZOO      ;convert .ZIP to .ZOO format

(REPLY)     This command allows you to directly to a message from a
            command line.  Useful when you are reading messages offline
            through the ZIPM function.  The original message number can
            be stacked.

(S)can      Toggle auto-join and ZIPM access to the current conference.

(T)able     Table of protocols.  This command lists the protocol driver
            program command lines used to implement the various
            protocols.  The estimated efficiency of each protocol is
            included in this report.

(TEST)      Test the validity of a ZIP file.  This command will call up
            a "test" function to verify that a zipfile is valid before
            downloading.  Example:
               TEST TPC14

(U)pload    Move files between your system and the board.  Examples:
               U WINTER
               U Z RAIN SNOW SUN

(V)iew      View user profile.  Displays the number of times you have
            used ProDoor, your security level, number of downloads and
            uploads, number of download bytes "earned" through
            uploading, and total download bytes available.

(F V)iew    View/extract zipfile contents.  List contents of zipfile and
            optionally view the text files without downloading.  It is
            also possible to  "extract" parts of a zipfile into
            $SCRATCH$ for downloading.

(VX)quick   Quick view/extract zipfile contents.  View the text files in
            an zipfile without downloading.  It is also possible to
            "extract" parts of a zipfile into $SCRATCH$ for
            downloading.

            You can take any of these actions on each file contained in
            the .ZIP file:
               (Enter) or (S)kip
                   Pressing (Enter) alone or typing (S) will skip over
                   the current file and present you with the next file
                   in the archive.
               (V)iew
                   Directly view the contents of the current text file.
               (Q)uit
                   Skip over all the remaining files in the zipfile and
                   return you to the ProDOOR command prompt.

(W)rite     Write user database information.  Allows you to change your
            password, phone numbers, location and user comment.

(X)pert     Selects expert or novice mode.

(Y)our      Search for messages addressed to you.

(YA)        Search for messages addressed to you OR to "all".

(Z)ippy     Keyword DIR scan (by subject).  Allows you to scan the file
            directories for a matching keyword entry of your choice.
            Example:
               Z SOURCE A

(ZIPM)      Zip new mail.  Captures up to 400 new messages in selected
            conferences and then zips them in $SCRATCH$ for smallest
            possible download time.  Examples:
               ZIPM N         ;list new messages by conference before capture
               ZIPM A         ;zip mail in all conferences
               ZIPM M 10 14   ;zip mail in main board (M), areas 10 and 14
               ZIPM TOOLS AI  ;zip TOOLS and AI conferences
            Use (L)ast-read command to reset your "last read" message
            pointers.
            Use (J A)uto-config or (SC)an commands to select message
            areas in (ZIPM A)ll.
