
ProDoor Mail Command Summary
----------------------------

(+) or (-) sets direction.
(/)redisplay current message.
(A)bandon conference, return to main message area.
(B)ulletin listings.
(C)omment to sysop.
(E)nter new message.
(G)oodbye.
(H)otkey mode.  Enable instant response on most commands.
(J)oin a conference, enter new areas.
(J A)uto-join configuration update.
(J N)ew messages in all conferences.
(J S)tatus of all conferences.
(J Y)our mail.  Scan for conferences with new mail addressed to you.
(J +)join next higher conference.
(J -)join next lower conference.
(K)ill current message.
(L)ast-read pointer reset.
(M)emorize message number.
(MG)graphic mode off/on.
(N)return to main command prompt.
(NODE) status display.
(NS)non-stop reading.
(O)perator page.
(OPEN) doors.
(Q)uick mail scan.
(QQ)uicker mail scan.
(QU)it to main command prompt.
(RE)ply to the sender of the current message.
(RO)reply to receiver of the current message.
(RR)efer message display.
(REPLY) to specific messages.
(RM)recall memory.
(S)ince last read.
(SC)an.  Toggle auto-join and (zipm a).
(T)hread search.
(V)iew profile.
(X)pert toggle.
(Y)our mail.
(YA) your mail or mail to "all".
(Z)ip search message contents.
(ZIPM) Compress new messages for download.

(CO)py message  \
(ED)it header    \
(F)ind user       \
(MO)dify message   \
(MOV)e message      \__Sysop
(P)rotect           /  only
(U)nprotect        /
(UNK)ill          /
(RU)snoop        /


ProDoor Mail Command Details
----------------------------

(Enter)     Search for the next message.  Notice the prompt message 
            "(Enter)='+'" or "(Enter)='-'" to tell which direction 
            (Enter) will take you. 

(+) or (-)  You can change the "default" reading direction by typing "+"
            or "-".  The prompt tells you which way you are going. 
            Pressing (Enter) alone advances in the current direction and
            displays the next message available. 

(#)         You can type any message number and that message will be 
            displayed. If there is no such message number on file, 
            ProDOOR will search for the closest message and display that
            one instead. 

(/)         Redisplay the current message.

(A)bandon   Leave current conference and return to the Main Board.
            Continue reading messages.

(C)omment   Enter a comment message to the sysop.  You specify the
            'subject' of the message.  The message will be protected so
            it is seen only by the sysop.

(E)nter     Enter a new message.  You then specify who the message is to
            be addressed to, as well as the 'subject' of the message.
            You can protect the message so it will be seen only be the
            'receiver'.

(G)oodbye   Logs you off the system.  Examples:
                G          ;logoff
                G Q        ;quick logoff, bypass closing bulletins

(H)otkeys   Enable instant response on most commands.  Eliminates the
            need to type RETURN to activate most commands.
            In hotkey mode you should use ";" (not SPACE) to "stack"
            commands.  The spacebar acts like RETURN in hotkey mode.

(J)oin      Allows you to switch to a different conference and continue
            reading mail.  You may specify either a conference number or
            a conference name.  Don't use <SPACE> in hotkey mode.  Examples:
               J M         ;main board
               J;+         ;join next available conference
               J;6         ;join conference 6
               J TOOLS     ;join tools conference
               J;2;Q       ;quick join, bypassing conference news
               J S         ;status of all conferences
               J S +       ;status of conferences after current one
               J A 20      ;configure autoscan starting with conference 20

            These subfunctions are available:
               (A)uto-join configuration update
               (M)ain board
               (N)ew message status
               (S)tatus of all conferences        
               (Y)our mail.  Scan for conferences with new mail for you
               (+)next higher conference
               (-)next lower conference

(K)ill      If the message is either TO or FROM you, this option will
            appear.  Pressing K will delete the message from the message
            base. 

(L)ast      Resets the last-read pointer to the current message number.
            This is useful in conjunction with ARCM to re-capture messages.
            Example:
               500 L           ;selects message 500 and resets
                               ;last-read to point to it.

(M)emorize  Saves current message number.  Use with (RM)recall memory.

(MG)graphic Toggles ANSI graphics mode off/on.

(N)o more   Returns you to the main command prompt.

(NODE)      Displays the list of callers that are online on other nodes
            in a multi-node system.

(NS)non-stop will enter non-stop message reading or searching.
            Suspended with ^S, aborted with ^K or end-of-messages.

(Q)uick     Shows you a quick summary of messages available for reading.
            Includes the first 72 characters of message text.

(QQ)uicker  Shows you a quicker summary of messages available for reading.
            Does not display any of the message text.

(QU)it      Quit reading messages and return to the ProDOOR command prompt. 

(RE)ply to  Enter a reply message to SENDER of the currently displayed
            message. The reply mode allows you to optionally change the
            subject and to provide "receiver-only" protection.

(RO)ply to  Enter a reply message to RECEIVER of the current message.

(REPLY)     This command allows you to directly to a message from a
            command line.  Useful when you are reading messages offline
            through the ARCM function.  The original message number can
            be stacked.

(RM)recall  Returns you to the message memorized with the (M)emory command.

(RR)efer    Moves you to the 'Refer#' message.

(S)ince     Next message since you were last on.

(SC)an      Toggle auto-join and ZIPM access to the current conference.

(T)hread    Search for other messages with the same subject matter. 

(X)pert     Selects expert or novice mode.

(Y)our      Search for messages addressed to you.

(YA)        Search for messages addressed to you OR to "all".

(Z)ip       Search for messages.  Lets you specify a "search keyword".  
            With zip search in effect, you will see ONLY messages that 
            contain the keyword either in the header OR the body.  In 
            color mode, the matching lines are hilighted. 

(ZIPM)      Zip new mail.  Captures up to 400 new messages in selected
            conferences and then archives them in $SCRATCH$ for smallest
            possible download time.  Examples:
               ZIPM N         ;list new messages by conference before capture
               ZIPM A         ;archive mail in all conferences
               ZIPM M 10 14   ;archive mail in main board (M), areas 10 and 14
               ZIPM TOOLS AI  ;archive TOOLS and AI conferences
            Use (L)ast-read command to reset your "last read" message
            pointers.
            Use (J A)uto-config to select message areas in (ZIPM A)ll.


ProDoor Sysop Commands (not available to users)
-----------------------------------------------

(CO)py      Copy the current message into a different conference. 

(ED)it      Allows you to edit the current message header without
            first going into the (MOD)ify function.

(F)ind      Find and display information about the sender of the
            current message.

(MOVE)      Move the current message to a different conference.
            This is the same as (CO)py followed by (K)ill.

(MO)dify    Edit message text and header information.

(P)rotect   Change the message protection to 'RECEIVER-ONLY'.

(U)nprotect Change the message protection to 'PUBLIC'.

(UNK)ill    UnKill a message that has been Killed.

(RU)snoop   Toggles read-flagging and user-update to allow reading
            messages without updating pointers.


ProDoor Mail Command Examples
-----------------------------

   2000 +                    ;read forward from message 2000

   1000 S                    ;skip to message 1000 and then continue
                              where you left off.

   QQ YA NS                  ;quicker listing of all mail to you or 'all'.

   M 345 RM                  ;save your place, read message 345,
                              return to where you left off.
                              
   Z keyword                 ;scan for messages with keyword in them.

   Z keyword NS              ;non-stop scan for all messages with 
                              keyword.

   REPLY 4431                ;enter a reply to message 4431.

   J;+                       ;go to next available message area

   J TOOLS                   ;switch to TOOLS message area

   ZIPM 1 2 3                ;zip new mail in conferences 1,2 and 3.
  
   750 L                     ;reset last-read pointer to message 750.

