
Dear Arthur,

Thank you very much for kindly providing a "standard" agent agreement to
get me started.  I think this is in principle the type of agreement I
want to enter into with you.  In reviewing the document I had some
questions that you can probably answer easily.

       3.3  All purchases are on a NET 30 day payment schedule which
       begins the day of shipment from Developer.  Agent must pay for
       all Computer Software with a credit card or an international
       money order payable in U.S. Dollars.

Does this mean you prefer I wait 30 days before entering a charge against
your credit card, or should I enter the charge when the material is
'shipped' to you?

In the case of "disk only" registrations, should I ship the registration
certificates to you through the mails, or would you prefer that I
prepare a text file for you to download and print on your laser printer
to produce the certificates?

I am currently writing an "agent door" for the Tool Shop, which will
allow you to place an order for "disk only" certificates, and would then
immediately prepare and transmit the certificate text for printing.  The
door would also let you place orders for items such as diskettes
and manuals, which I would then ship to you.

       4.4  Developer agrees to provide Agent with adequate technical
       information and assistance concerning net mail operations between
       Developer and Agent.

I'm not sure what this means.  Could you give an example of 'net mail
operations'.  Almost looks like this is out of context and could be
removed from this contract.

The word 'either' seemed out of place in paragraph 5.4 sentence 4.  I
will delete it.

Paragraph 13.4 sentence 3 is incomplete.  Please provide the missing
phrase or remove the sentence entirely.

In paragraph 13.5, is there any particular reason to use Tennessee for
the governing laws? I would prefer to use California unless you know of
specific disadvantages.

       Exhibit A
       HS/Link Agent Prices
       Effective 01/01/92 through 02/01/92 (All prices shown in USD)

As you may have noted in my recent documentation, the $15 "introductory"
price exipres on 2/1/92.  I have included a second copy of Exhibit A to
reflect the prices which will go into effect at that date.  I do not
expect to make frequent price changes, though I will probably be adding
more items (i.e. supporting programs or Third Party programs) to the
price list in the next few months.

     Developer agrees to send Agent an invoice by postal service for
     each request made.

I would suggest that invoices instead be sent by modern
telecommunication service i.e. FAX machine or by usage of The Toolshop
BBS service as in paragraph 3.6.


                                Best regards,

                                Samuel Smith


