@X03As a Tool Shop user, you are expected to abide by the rules of the BBS. There
are not many.  However, courtesy is the number one rule on this board.  They
are as follows:

1. Be courteous to others.  No obscene, abusive, or otherwise foul language or
   prose is allowed on this board.

2. Besides being against the law, no uploads of commercial copyrighted
   software are allowed to this sytem.  Any uploads which are found to be
   commercial will be deleted immediately.  If you find a commercial file
   available for the download, notify the SysOp immediately so it can be
   removed promptly. Failure to abide by this rule itself will result in the
   termination of your user registration.

3. While we do automatically test files uploaded to the system, our automated
   test cannot find all harmful viri and trojans.  Therefore, you should
   always check your software before running it on your system.  If you see
   anything suspicious, do not run the software on your system.  An ounce of
   prevention is worth a pound of cure.

4. Users must actively participate in the free exchange of information by
   uploading and downloading public domain software.

5. Malicious actions that may endanger the operation of this board such as
   attempting to break security features and/or uploading files which attempt
   such WILL lead to criminal charges and prosecution to the extent of the
   laws governing BBS operations.

6. No commercial advertisements may be posted without the consent of this
   board's SYSOP.

7. You must be over 21 years of age to access the adult area.  Adults over 21
   will be verified and given access acordingly.  Under 21 will have full use
   of all other areas on the board.  Proof of age must be mailed to the Tool
   Shop to gain access to the adult areas.  See bulletin #4 for details.

8. THERE ARE NO FACILITIES PROVIDED BY THIS SYSTEM FOR SENDING OR RECEIVING
   PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS!  ALL MESSAGES SHALL BE
   DEEMED TO BE READILY ACCESSIBLE TO THE SYSTEM OPERATOR.

9. USE REAL NAMES PLEASE! Persons logged on under an alias will be locked out!
   Hang up now if @USER@ is not your REAL name. The system is set up to allow
   alias names, but you MUST register initially using your REAL name. If you
   are now using an alias, please hang up and call back with your REAL name.

@X0FIf you feel that you can not abide by these rules, this board is not for you.
Please hang up at this time.
