
           ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
           ÛÛ    ÜÜ   ÜÜ
     ÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛ  ÛÛ      Dedicated to issues that impact our lives and
     ÛÛßßßÛÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ
     ÛÛÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛ      the earth as we move closer to the year 2000!
     ÛÛßßßßß     ÛÛ  ÛÛÛ
     ÛÛ          ßß   ßß
     ßß                           The PEN is mightier than the sword...
    Planet Earth  Network

               Entire contents copyright 1993 Planet Earth Network
               All rights reserved, no reprints without permission

                              Planet Earth Network
                             ----------------------
 As we near the next millenium, this planet is in much turmoil. From racial and
 religious hatred, disease, drugs, inner-city problems,  impact of TV  and even
 changing family values, all are determining the future of our planet earth! We
 feel these topics need much more exposure, thus...

 The Planet Earth Network was founded on 08/01/93 so there really isn't a whole
 lot to say about PEN since we have not been around long. But for those who are
 familiar with Cliff Watkins  from his days with Intelec,  you can be sure this
 will also be a very unique and special network. There are no "fees" associated
 with Planet Earth Network. All we request is that you carry all (currently) 20
 conferences (a request, not requirement).  Check out PEN today, you'll be very
 pleasantly surprised at what you find!

 Planet Earth Network exists mainly to promote peace, those who can't behave in
 a peaceable manner  will be  peaceably removed.  Our responsibility is only to
 those who want to further the cause of peace, relations, environmental, health
 matters and other important issues of the 90's.

 Planet Earth Network is a PCBoard, GAP and Wildcat, QWK format  only  network.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

           ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
           ÛÛ    ÜÜ   ÜÜ
     ÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛ  ÛÛ      Dedicated to issues that impact our lives and
     ÛÛßßßÛÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ
     ÛÛÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛ      the earth as we move closer to the year 2000!
     ÛÛßßßßß     ÛÛ  ÛÛÛ
     ÛÛ          ßß   ßß
     ßß                           The PEN is mightier than the sword...
    Planet Earth  Network

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º Planet Earth Network Rules º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

  While it's not the intent of the Administration to interfere with any SysOps
  authority on their own BBS, all Planet Earth Network users must follow these
  guidelines. They must be enforced by all PEN member SysOps and participants.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The Planet Earth Network Intentions ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Planet Earth Network exists mainly to promote peace, those who cannot behave
  in a peaceable manner will be peaceably removed.  Our responsibility is only
  to those who want to further the cause of peace, relations, the environment,
  health matters and other important issues of the 90's. Anyone detrimental to
  our cause will be removed from PEN access, swiftly and peaceably.  PEN has a
  conference devoted to debates but these debates are healthy and intellectual
  and NOT heated to an offensive boiling point.

  It's not our purpose to preach morality or to denounce any group, philosophy
  or ideology.  We are here to learn, inform, debate or stimulate. We all need
  to bring to light the issues that have an impact on where we are all headed.
  But even though it's not our purpose to preach morality we reserve the right
  to decline any conference requests  that the PEN administrations deems to be
  in any way Adult or X-Rated in nature. That is too strong a contradiction to
  to the goals and/or spirit of the Planet Earth Network. If your BBS contains
  this sort of material, either adult files or adult networks, so be it, it is
  your right to do so, but... if any member's BBS "activities" infringe on the
  spirit of the Planet Earth Network, the BBS will be removed from membership.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ BBS Approval Process ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Applicants must meet some minimum requirements: The use of only approved BBS
  and QWK networking software,  the applicant's BBS must be in operation for 3
  months (minimum), the SysOp must be familiar with the BBS and QWK networking
  software they'll be using  (no newbies).  Lastly, the PEN Hub SysOps may, at
  their discretion, ask the approved applicant  for the QWK configuration file
  to ensure tags or conference assignments are OK. If the above conditions are
  met, an applicant can be relaying with Planet Earth Network  in as little as
  24 hours. Applicants may apply at any Planet Earth Network Hub or preferably
  the PEN Hub the applicant wishes to relay through.  If you are a Wildcat BBS
  you will be expected to relay through a Wildcat hub. If you're a PCBoard BBS
  using RoseMail you will be expected to relay through a PCBoard Hub using the
  RoseMail software.  If you are a PCBoard SysOp using  Rnet, Qnet or Cam-Mail
  you'll have the option of any PCBoard Hub using any of these 3 QWK products.
  If you're a GAP BBS, we are only accepting GAP boards as "nodes only" due to
  tagline problems in GapQWK.

  Planet Earth Network is a free network, but it is "private", not public. BBS
  SysOps are invited to join, but no SysOp has the right to membership in PEN.
  Failure to abide by PEN rules can and will result in the removal from PEN of
  the offending system.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ BBS/Network Software ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  PEN members  must use legally purchased or obtained NETWORK and BBS software
  as defined by the software documentation/licensing. Authorized software are:
  PCBoard: RoseMail/Qnet/Rnet/Cam-Mail & Wildcat: Tnet & GAP: GapQWK. If using
  RoseMail, we're network number five in your RM conference setups. The Planet
  Earth Network is a PCBoard, GAP and Wildcat network  (only).  While this may
  change in the future, we currently aren't accepting applications from SysOps
  using any BBS software other than PCBoard, GAP or Wildcat.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ PEN SysOp Rules ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  PE_Net_Admin Conference mail must be read at a minimum of YA or as addressed
  to YOU, PERSONAL, to ALL.  Failure to respond to personal mail is reason for
  removal from PEN.  General announcements  from the network administrator are
  addressed to ALL in the NetAdmin conference.

  Any PEN member SysOp who is asked to remove the access of a user  must do so
  immediately. Failure to do so can result in the removal of the BBS itself.

  All Planet Earth "Network taglines" must begin with either of these strings:
  ş PEN ş (or) ş Planet E ş (or) ş Planet Earth ş   whichever fits you best.

  [Conference Configs]  PE_Net_Admin is PEN's Administrative conference and is
  required to be carried by  all  PEN SysOps. PE_Net_Admin is fully public and
  must be accessible to all users unless Tcan'd. PE_Regionals! must be carried
  by all PEN Super Regionals, Regionals or Hubs. No hub may give access to the
  conference  to any Node relaying through them,  nor any user on their board,
  unless the user is a Co-SysOp.

  No messages in PE_Regionals! may be made public without expressed permission
  from the PEN administration.

  PEN SysOps may never "edit" any mail relayed via PEN,  including any form of
  manual modification or with the use of utilities to do so automatically.

  PEN Hub SysOps must relay mail a every day and must carry all (currently 20)
  PEN conferences.

  PEN Hub SysOps have the authority to remove the access of one or more of its
  nodes should problems exist,  such as duplicates, script bombs, etc.  A note
  to  Cliff Watkins  in PE_Net_Admin is necessary if this action is taken. PEN
  Hub SysOps have the authority to approve applications by forwarding the com-
  pleted applications to the PEN Host BBS.  All reasons for declines are to be
  posted to the applicant and to Cliff Watkins in the PE_Net_Admin conference.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ User Behavior ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Planet Earth Network was formed  not only educate and inform, but to promote
  peace. Those who choose to bicker their way through life are not welcome and
  will be removed from the network  until/unless they show they can get along.
  Needless to say, flaming or bashing will result in a similar admin reaction.
  One debate conference exists in PEN  and that is the ONLY place for debates,
  if you have a debate, take it there. There are no exceptions to this policy.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Aliases ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Obvious aliases may not be used anywhere within PEN conferences.  The use of
  a non-obvious alias is permissible  providing the local sysop knows the true
  identity of the caller. In other words, if BOB SMITH wishes to use BOB CLARK
  then this is OK if OK with the local SysOp. But if BOB SMITH wishes to use a
  name such as (example) DARK STAR or MPG COMPUTERS or IPL BBS,  it is not OK.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Morality ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Topics deemed immoral or unethical by the administration of PEN are to cease
  when asked. Topics deemed to be in poor taste must also cease when asked and
  failure to do so can result in the removal of the offender from PEN. If this
  offends anyone, SysOp OR User, then Planet Earth is not the network for you.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ General ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  There is no ANSI conference, using ANSI in posts is not permitted...........
  BBS-Software-specific macros are not permitted for use within PEN...........
  Encrypting of messages for any reason is not allowed with PEN...............
  Messages may NOT be gated or otherwise made available to any non-PEN BBS....
  Signature may not be more than 3 lines or 80 characters/spaces at most......
  Taglines  may not be more than 1 line and 79 characters/spaces at most......
  Quoting is limited to only what's necessary for "train of thought"..........
  Elaborate quoting utilities (Boxes around text, etc) are not permitted......

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Receiver Only & Copyrighted Messages ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Pursuant to the  Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986,  18 USC 2510
  et. seq.,  all SysOps and users participating within PEN, must be aware that
  there are no facilities provided by PEN for sending / receiving confidential
  electronic communications.  Although we maintain the capability and capacity
  to send/receive mail that is flagged as "Receiver-Only",  mail so flagged is
  not to be considered by any user as actual private messages.  The purpose of
  "Receiver-Only" mail is intended only to provide means to limit the possible
  number of users that may have access to the mail for display purposes. Every
  message entered into all PEN conferences become the property of Planet Earth
  Network unless the author posts an explicit copyright notice in the message.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Conference Moderators ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  Conference Moderators are selected by Cliff Watkins (Administrator)  and may
  be removed and replaced should a moderator fail to perform their duties. All
  moderators will maintain the friendly atmosphere that represents PEN. Assist
  in the answering of questions relating to the subject of your conference, to
  the best of your ability. Read the PE_Net_Admin Conference on a timely basis
  and keep message traffic on topic and politely direct off topic users to the
  appropriate conference.  Notify the Administration of problems regarding any
  config errors such as duplicate messages, cross-echoes, cross-posts etc.  If
  a user causes any problems for you, then: A) Issue polite warning to user(s)
  failing to follow rules. And B) If user(s) persist in a manner that you feel
  warrants a suspension, let Cliff Watkins know in the admin conference and he
  will look into it. Most importantly, keep the peace.

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Host BBS ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  The Planet Earth Network is a five-tier telecommunication network  comprised
  of  the Host BBS, Super-Regionals, Regionals, Hubs and their Nodes. The Host
  BBS equipment is  NOT  the property of any system relaying with Planet Earth
  Network. No claims may be made against the software, hardware that comprises
  the Host BBS.  Software & hardware required to run the Host BBS is privately
  owned and used with permission by the owners of Planet Earth Network.

  Maintaining  membership in the  Planet Earth Network  requires abiding by of
  PEN's rules.  PEN Administration reserves the right  to remove membership of
  any PEN SysOp for failure to abide by PEN rules. The PEN Administration also
  reserves the right to remove net access of any PEN node or hub SysOp for any
  action(s) detrimental to the spirit or quality  of the Planet Earth Network.

  Cliff Watkins, Planet Earth Network and all PEN SysOps  assume no  liability
  or accountability for any violations of this policy  by any and all users of
  the Planet Earth Network.

  The Planet Earth Network is operated as a "public service"  by Cliff Watkins
  and Intelec Online serves as the Host BBS.  PEN is run by the Administrator,
  Cliff Watkins, who is also the SysOp of Intelec Online in Baldwin, NY. While
  Planet Earth Network operates as a public service, it is NOT a public access
  network. PEN is a "private" network thus the rules of operation set forth in
  this document supersede all rights  outside the boundaries of this document.

  Planet Earth Network, Intelec Online, Intelec Network, all PEN logos and all
  Planet Earth Network distribution files  (c) 1993 Intelec Online and may not
  be altered in any way. Any alteration without permission, is in violation of
  all applicable copyright laws.

  Cliff Watkins
  Planet Earth Network                   Intelec Online - PEN Host
  P.O. Box 212                           Data: 516-868-0662 (D/S 16.8)
  Baldwin, NY 11510


