
                     ÖÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·
                     º Planet Earth Network Message Areas º
                     ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

As we near the next millenium, this planet is in much turmoil. From racial and
religious hatred, disease, drugs, inner-city problems, impact of TV and even
changing family values, all are determining the future of our planet earth!

Planet Earth Network exists mainly to promote peace.  Our responsibility is
only to those who want to further the cause of peace, relations, environmental,
health matters and other important issues of the 90's.

    Name        #                         Description
 ------------  ---  -----------------------------------------------------
 PE_Aids_Aware  50 ùPlanetEarth Net: AIDS is the biggest killer of men, women
                    and children to date.  What is being done and what are the
                    facts behind this deadly disease?

 PE_All_Debate  59 ùPlanetEarth Net: Dedicted solely to "intellectual debates".
                    We expect respect from and to all participants.  Those who
                    can't or strive to "bait" others, will not be tolerated and
                    will be removed from PEN.  We KNOW there are going to be
                    differing viewpoints, we expect it. But we can only cater
                    to those who can debate in an intellectual and mature
                    manner.

 PE_Chit_Chat!  47 ùPlanetEarth Net: Sometimes we all need a place to go to
                    chew the fat. Many folks will make new friends in PEN  so
                    when a topic begins to drift "off-topic" then our
                    PE_Chit_Chat! forum is the place to take the thread.

 PE_Ecological  48 ùPlanetEarth Net: Is the world changing? Climates, floods,
                    pollution, drought, do all these occurances mean something?
                    How are our rain forests doing?  Is the ozone hole a real
                    threat? Is our industrial technology changing to clean up
                    our environment? These are all valid questions but we want
                    more than talk, we want action! What are the politicians
                    doing? What can we do? Join in and take the first steps!

 PE_Economics!  63 ùPlanetEarth Net: Topics to be discussed include the US
                    national debt, declining job market or industry trends
                    effecting job growth, the Free Trade Agreement, import and
                    export, the global economy, and any other economic related
                    topics.

 PE_Education!  66 ùPlanetEarth Net: Is our educational system failing?  Why
                    are so many kids dropping out and what is being done about
                    it?  What is the college outlook going to be like for our
                    youth?  Is private school the answer?  These and more
                    educational issues will be addressed.

 PE_Extinction  49 ùPlanetEarth Net: What life is in danger of extinction, what
                    species has been lost and what are we doing to prevent
                    other species from dying off? Is mankind destined to go the
                    way of the dinosaurs?

 PE_Fam_Values  54 ùPlanetEarth Net: What ARE true family values anyway?  What
                    can be done within the family to maintain or instill  good
                    moral values?  Is the lack of family values the main cause
                    of crime?

 PE_HealthCare  51 ùPlanetEarth Net: Health care reform, health insurance,
                    HMO's, unnecessary surgery, and any other topic pertaining
                    to health care around the world. In what countries is it
                    working and where is it not?

 PE_HealthFood  52 ùPlanetEarth Net: How to eat better and live longer!  Are
                    there really foods that heal?  What caloric intake is best
                    for you?  What are the problem foods?  Is red meat a bad
                    risk?  What diets work and what diets don't work?

 PE_Inner_City  56 ùPlanetEarth Net: All topics from drugs and reform, to
                    poverty, to race relations, programs the government or
                    communities run, to inner-city-economics.  What is, can or
                    should be done? What are some of the success stories  and
                    how did they achieve it? How's the fast-growing problem of
                    youth gangs being addressed and why is it no longer limited
                    to the inner cities?

 PE_Nat'l_News  61 ùPlanetEarth Net: What recent national news items are
                    effecting the direction we're taking?  This is reserved for
                    US news or information and is limited to "new news".

 PE_Net_Admin!  46 ùPlanetEarth Net: A "Required Public Forum" for all PEN
                    members for discussions pertaining to administrative
                    topics. These may include network announcements, forum
                    descriptions, searches for moderators, administrative
                    actions such as the removal of problem users or systems or
                    any other administrative action.

 PE_Parenting!  65 ùPlanetEarth Net: Tips and tricks for all those new to
                    parenting or just having a hard time trying to talk to
                    their teens. Do you know what your kids are thinking or
                    what pressures they are faced with?  What are some danger
                    signs to watch out for?

 PE_Political!  58 ùPlanetEarth Net: All topics from government waste, red tape
                    and gridlock. In the US alone, billions of dollars a year
                    are being wasted on unnecessary "pet projects" that your
                    senators and congressmen WANT to keep going!  Government is
                    bigger than ever and wasting more money than ever! These
                    are all facts, this forum is devoted to the "What can we do
                    about it?" mentality.  This forum is NOT for debates (see
                    PE_All_Debate). In what countries is government a less
                    wasteful operation? How is and how "should" government be
                    run?

 PE_Regionals!  45 ùPlanetEarth Net: A "Required Private Forum" for all PEN
                    Hubs for the processing of network applications or other
                    confidential transmissions. This forum is not to be
                    understood as being secure in nature but only PEN hubs are
                    to have access to this forum so that processed applications
                    are limited to hub SysOps.

 PE_Relationsh  64 ùPlanetEarth Net: Forum is dedicated to helping improve the
                    way men and women communicate with each other. Why's being
                    "available" such a struggle when re-entering after a
                    divorce or a spouse dies? What groups are there that can
                    help?

 PE_Religions!  55 ùPlanetEarth Net: This is not a debate forum for comparing
                    one religion to another.  This is also not a place for
                    recruiting or preaching! What this forum IS for is to
                    discuss how to get the "family" back to church, and what
                    role does the church, temple, mosque or synagogue play in
                    the community?  Is the church doing all that it can to
                    bring family back to it's fold, and if not, what more can
                    or should it be doing?

 PE_TV_Impact!  60 ùPlanetEarth Net: What is the impact of television and the
                    movies having on our society?  Do MTV, Beavis and Butthead,
                    Madonna, or violence in TV and movies present a danger to
                    the youth of the world? What are the network exec's  and
                    movie moguls doing to change their image, or should they?

 PE_Technology  53 ùPlanetEarth Net: What are the recent science and technology
                    breakthroughs? What will they mean for you?

 PE_Wld_At_War  57 ùPlanetEarth Net: Who's at war with who and why? What's
                    going on in Somalia, Bosnia, Isreal or any other area that
                    is not at peace?  Who is helping, why are they and should
                    they be helping?  Also, discussions of past wars and what
                    has been learned from them.

 PE_World_News  62 ùPlanetEarth Net: What is making news around the world? Will
                    it have an impact on the rest of the world?  This should
                    also be limited to recent news or information.

