
                           ÖÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·
                           º U'NI-net Message Areas º
                           ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

U'NI-net (Pronounced "You and I") has one simple goal: promote the exchange of
information between people for people.  As a distributor of electronic mail, we
focus our efforts on the users eliminating almost all of the political
infrastructure that can be found in any other national network. This focusing
allows quality, current information to be distributed quickly to everyone.

    Name        #                         Description
 ------------  ---  -----------------------------------------------------
 Amiga         132 ùU'NI-net: For the discussion of all things Amiga.
                    To include Multimedia, Video Toaster and other items that
                    make the machine as versitile as it is. Because some
                    Amigans have problems with Ansi & high ascii these are not
                    allowed in Amiga. Host: Ken Halfon, Molecular Beam Laundry

 ANSI-Art       95 ùU'NI-net: ANSI Graphics & Pictures.
                    Host: Jean Ludwig, Beta Connection

 Apogee        115 ùU'NI-net: Apogee games; direct support from Apogee
                    Host: Joe Siegler, Arsenal of Freedom II

 ASM            16 ùU'NI-net: Assembly language programming.
                    Just learning or pounding the hardware, all forms of
                    assembly language discussions, software discussions,
                    hardware discussions, programming discussions, and
                    discussions welcome. Previous topics have ranged from Intel
                    to Motorola to VAX assembly. We also sometimes have little
                    contests.
                    Host: Steve Lumos, Absolut(e)ly Temporary

 Astronomy      96 ùU'NI-net: The study of universe, and a lot more.
                    Here, you can read and discuss topics related to the vast
                    hobby of Astronomy. There is a lot of experience here, just
                    waiting to be shared with the newcomer, but also, lots of
                    in-depth discussions for the more advanced users of this
                    conference.
                    Host: Scott Smith, Channel 8250

 AutoRacing    102 ùU'NI-net: Automobile Racing.
                    Host: Robert Heathcote, Great Escape

 Basic          17 ùU'NI-net: For the discussion of BASIC programming issues.
                    Everything for the novice users all the way to the
                    professional users. A place where you can come and ask
                    questions. What seems like a wall you can't get over can
                    sometimes be turned into just a small obstacle that someone
                    else may have the needed code for.
                    Host: Dennis Bruner, The Grinder BBS

 BBS-Ads        23 ùU'NI-net: Browse ads for BBS's from across the nation.
                    Find BBS's that specialize in Windows, CADD, Graphics,
                    Games, and more.
                    Host: David Byrnes, The Ledge

 BrainTease    105 ùU'NI-net: Quizzes, Puzzles & Riddles for the Mind.
                    Brain teasers, old and new.  Any thought provoking poser is
                    welcome, be it a "trick question," a logic problem, a math
                    paradox, or whatever - you don't have to have the answer.
                    Host: Rush Strong, The Grinder BBS

 C-Lang         18 ùU'NI-net: Programming in C & C++.
                    Since most of the participants use PCs, that's the most
                    common topic, but programming other computers is welcome as
                    well. Includes some discussion of using other languages
                    such as assembly with C and C++ as well as data structures,
                    algorithms, etc.
                    Host: Jerry Coffin, The Monument Board

 CAD           107 ùU'NI-net: Computer-Aided Design & Drafting.
                    We talk about any cad program, cad problem and often lisp
                    routines.  In addition, tips and techniques are discussed.
                    Host: Ira Kemp, Molecular Beam Laundry

 CamSoft        87 ùU'NI-net: Cam's Support Conf  (Cam-Mail, Deposit, etc)
                    Host: Cam DeBuck, CamSoft, Inc.

 Cars          104 ùU'NI-net: Antique, Classic, Sports, Racing, Hobby.
                    Host: David Spellman, PhotoPro! BBS

 CD-ROM         25 ùU'NI-net: For the discussion of ANY CD-ROM related topic.
                    Drives, discs, production, setup for business/home and BBS
                    usage. Our users include people that produce CD-ROM discs,
                    resell discs, have discs online via a BBS, down to the
                    casual one time user (or wanna be user). CD-ROM ads are
                    also permitted on a limited basis.
                    Host: Dennis Bruner, The Grinder BBS

 ChitChat      117 ùU'NI-net: A conference just to hang out and get to know
                    people around the country, and sometimes around the world.
                    Topics vary depending upon the personalities of the users,
                    since this conference is pretty much an open type forum
                    with no specific topic being required.  Basically a
                    friendly, people oriented type get-together among close
                    friends. Host: Teri Brayall, Paradox Online BBS

 CMPqwk        106 ùU'NI-net: Support conference for CMPqwk software.

 Comedy        120 ùU'NI-net: A place for jokes, limericks, amusing anecdotes,
                    puns, & tall tales.  Some are clean, some risque, and some
                    are strange.  But all are welcome. Host: David Byrnes, The
                    Ledge

 Commo          83 ùU'NI-net: {COMMO} Communications software Conference.
                    Host: Chuck Seyboldt, Northern Lights

 Consult        20 ùU'NI-net: Open forum for consultants of all types who
                    discuss their problems related to consulting.  People
                    request help in certain areas.  Also, consultants looking
                    for marketing ideas, employment, etc. Host: Darryl Linkow,
                    The Grinder BBS

 CorelDraw     144 ùU'NI-net: Direct support for users of Corel Draw.

 Cuisine       121 ùU'NI-net: Food, Drink & Recipes.
                    Stop into the CUISINE conference for a peek at some of the
                    best recipes around.  Talk to professional and amateur
                    chefs about ingredients, techniques, equipment, or just to
                    chat about food in general.  Need a recipe for a special
                    occasion?  Interested in geographically or ethnically
                    unique styles of cooking?  Want to know how to wok a dog?
                    We've got it all and more, and we're hoping you'll join us
                    in the U'NI-Net CUISINE conference.  See you there!
                    Host: Tom Lyons, The Ledge

 Database      112 ùU'NI-net: Discussions and how-tos on database packages on
                    all platforms.  Covers PC-File to Alpha 4 to DB/2 and
                    Oracle. Users of all Database software most welcome!  Lots
                    of how-to tips and lots of experienced users with
                    information to share. Host: Mike Weixler, On-Line Exchange
                    II

 DeskTop        27 ùU'NI-net: Desk Top Publishing hardware and software
                    applications that are incorporated into the parent
                    programs. This would include Ventura Publisher (GEM &
                    Windows versions), Pagemaker, CorelDRAW! 4 (when it is used
                    for multi-page docs), Ami Pro, W4W, Express Publisher, Word
                    Perfect, WordStar, etc. Host: MaryLou Baffoni, Western
                    Publisher's Exchange

 DesqView       14 ùU'NI-net: Direct support for Quarterdeck's popular
                    multitasking software.

 DittoHeads    153 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of Issues Raised by Rush Limbaugh.
                    This conference will be for discussion of issues raised on
                    the Rush Limbaugh TV and Radio show.   Messages concerning
                    Mr. Limbaugh personally will be considered off topic in the
                    new conference. Host: Rod Kenly, Computing Technology BBS.

 Door-Util     110 ùU'NI-net: Tech tips on BBS Doors and Utilities.
                    Host: Cam DeBuck, CamSoft, Inc.

 DOStips         5 ùU'NI-net: General discussion of most any Disk Operating
                    System. Catered mostly to MS-Dos. Covering anything from
                    how to squeeze another 1K of memory, to, how to format a
                    hard drive, to, setting the colors on your screen. If you
                    need to know how to write a batch file, or just put in a
                    floppy disk to boot from, U'NI-net DOSTips conference is
                    for you. Host: Gregg Maroney, Mo's Back Door

 DR-Who        126 ùU'NI-net: For discussions of the British Sci-Fi series Dr.
                    Who; includes episode synopsis, annoucements of upcoming
                    convetions, current status of a new series, books relating
                    to Dr. Who, and discussions of other British Sci-Fi series
                    such as Blake's 7, Red Dwarf, Come Back Mrs. Noah, Hitch
                    Hikers Guide to the Galaxy... etc... Host: John Ewin,
                    Ground Zero

 DR_DOS        114 ùU'NI-net: Digital Research Operating System.
                    Discussions include options, installation, features, how-to
                    suggestions and general help.  Soon to support the new
                    NOVELL DOS 7.0! Host: George Lollar, BEC BBS

 DSZ-Omen       12 ùU'NI-net: Discuss Omen Technology's products.
                    Discussions of DSZ, GSZ, ZCOMM, and Professional YAM are
                    the staples but we also talk about Zmodem in general. Have
                    a config problem you need help with? Ask here first! We
                    have knowledgable people who would just love to help you!
                    Hot topic: using DSZ & Telix.
                    Host: Shawn Fessenden, The Windmill BBS

 DVX           145 ùU'NI-net: Direct support for Quarterdeck's Desqview-X.

 Ecology       119 ùU'NI-net: Earth's environment.
                    Host: Frank Lerner, Land of Enchantment

 Education      72 ùU'NI-net: Discussion: Today's Schools and related issues.

 Fantasy&SF     81 ùU'NI-net: ALL forms of Science Fiction & Fantasy media
                    discussed. (TV, movies, Books) *NO FRP/RPG GAMING.*
                    Spoilers allowed, w/ warnings in front, *especially* on new
                    movies/TV/books. Prefer Doctor Who & other British F/SF
                    discussed in DOCTOR WHO conf., but will allow if no access.
                    Cross-posted msgs. from other nets welcome with source
                    ID'd. Host: John Ewin, Ground Zero

 FastGraph      93 ùU'NI-net: Support for Fastgraph graphics library.
                    Host: Ted Gruber, Dust Devil BBS

 ForSale        22 ùU'NI-net: Open to individuals and businesses for the
                    purpose of "information exchange" between two or more users
                    wishing to buy, sell, trade or give away or obtain any
                    legal item or items. Host: Dave Muscato, Absolut(e)ly
                    Temporary

 Gadgets       154 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of Gadgets of all Types.
                    It is the place to post announcements about when the X-10
                    is gong to be on sale at Radio Shack, or to yack about the
                    idea you just had for a remote-controlled squid-slapper.
                    If you have an idea for a better way to do something, post
                    it here!
                    Host: Randall Head, On-Line Exchange.

 Gambling       97 ùU'NI-net: A place to ask questions about any type of
                    gambling. `21', Craps, Bingo, Slots and Poker. There are
                    very knowledgeable people in here to answer your questions.
                    We even have some professional gamblers visit the
                    conference from time to time... Host: Charles Shapiro,
                    Absolut(e)ly Temporary

 GameDesign    108 ùU'NI-net: Design and development of computer-based games!
                    Graphic artists, musicians, programmers and designers, or
                    those who would like to be, can come here to discuss
                    technical, aesthetic, philosophical and practical issues
                    behind this creative process. (currently without a host)

 Genealogy      70 ùU'NI-net: Tracing family roots.
                    The one-on-one assistence of persons helping each other in
                    their research of archives, libraries, repositories and
                    other record sources too numerous to detail. The winniowing
                    of fact from fiction to arrive at the true history and
                    detail of a family.
                    Host: Bob Shumway, Trinity BBS

 Graphics      124 ùU'NI-net: All types of computer graphics are open for
                    discussion. Although most conversations center around PC
                    graphics, any type of computer graphics are open for
                    discussion. Hot topics: graphics software, graphics
                    hardware, image file formats and scanning. Host: John
                    Wagner, Absolut(e)ly Temporary

 Guns          125 ùU'NI-net: A conference for Firearms enthusiast, covering
                    firearms, firearm related issues and equipment, reloading,
                    Second Amendment rights, collecting, shooting, and the
                    legal buying/selling/trading of firearms. We talk about our
                    favorite tools, where to shoot/hunt, what firearm/ load is
                    best for a given job.  We swap stories and advice. Host:
                    Gary Vale, The Grinder BBS

 HamRadio       34 ùU'NI-net: For beginners and advanced operators alike,
                    discussions on operating procedure, equipment modification
                    and construction, help with learning the code and finding
                    local clubs, comparisons of commercial equipment and
                    software, and the latest ARRL bulletins. Host: Bob Albert,
                    The Ledge

 HardDisk       24 ùU'NI-net: Hard drive information

 Hardware        4 ùU'NI-net: A conference for all computer related hardware
                    issues, such as motherboards, hard drives, computer memory,
                    installing, up-grading, and modifying computers components,
                    advice on trouble-shooting, and diagnostics of computer
                    related problems. Host: Gary Vale, The Grinder BBS

 Health         36 ùU'NI-net: Any health-related issue from the standpoint of
                    diagnosis or treatment. Current legislation on health in
                    the workplace, ADA, OSHA requirements, pharmaceutical
                    developments, etc. No ads, and no crossposts from Opinion.
                    Host: Robert Tsing, Lifescan Communications BBS

 History       130 ùU'NI-net: History.
                    Host: Elliott Beckett, The Ledge

 Home&Gardn     80 ùU'NI-net: Taking care of the Castle and Surroundings.
                    Host: Jerry Shifrin, Monument Board

 HomeBrew      118 ùU'NI-net: The art of making your on homebrewed beer is on
                    the rise around the US. By homebrewing you can make nearly
                    any style of beer you want, when you want. Find out how
                    easy it is to make your own beer or wine. Experienced
                    homebrewers are ready to help you get started and are
                    always willing to share their favorite recipes. Host: Tom
                    Lyons, The Ledge

 Internatl      75 ùU'NI-net: Chat with People in other Countries.
                    Host: Alan Dawson, War on Virus

 Investor       21 ùU'NI-net: Investing Your Money.
                    Host: Charlie Hulse, 1st Amendment BBS

 Jazz           85 ùU'NI-net: Discussions relative to jazz of all types, from
                    traditional to the most modern.  Musicians and listeners
                    alike can talk about how to play it, its roots, the
                    performers, their lives and influences, current trends, and
                    any other topics that pertain to the only native American
                    art form. Host: Bob Albert, The Ledge

 Jobs          131 ùU'NI-net: Help finding Employment/Employees.
                    Host: Ed Carroll, Career Systems BBS

 Judaica       122 ùU'NI-net: For Jews and non-Jews, discussions of the
                    meanings to each user of Judaism.  Ethnic recipes.  How the
                    different groups within Judaism view their responsibilities
                    and why they believe as they do. Help for non-Jews in
                    understanding the culture and beliefs. Host: Bob Albert,
                    The Ledge

 KidsPlace     155 ùU'NI-net: A multi-topic conference for kids ages 5-12.
                    Host: Keith Pettway, Android II BBS

 LA-Talk       111 ùU'NI-net: Are you from LA? What is on your mind? Have a
                    favorite spot to do lunch or how about a new place to shop?
                    The Topics are anything about LA the City or LA the County!
                    You don't have to live there to talk about the area. Host:
                    Ernie Peltz, The Grease Pit

 Legal         127 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of matters relating to the Legal
                    profession or the Legal System of any country, with
                    occasional forays into Philosophy of Law and into
                    Jurisprudence. Host: Randall Head, On-Line Exchange II

 LesBiGay      146 ùU'NI-net: Lesbian, Bisexual and Gay Issues/Chit-Chat.
                    Host: Mike Batchelor, The Source

 Macintosh     128 ùU'NI-net: Macintosh Computers & software.
                    Host: Jamie Zellerbach, War on Virus BBS

 Mainframe     129 ùU'NI-net: Mainframe Computers.
                    Host: Mikey Smith, The Grinder BBS

 Media         135 ùU'NI-net: Television, Radio and Print Media.
                    Host: Jon Badeaux, The Hotline

 Modeming        6 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of modem related issues, especially
                    (but not limited to) high speed modems. Troubleshooting and
                    debugging, tips and info-sharing from experienced modem
                    users and professionals in the field. No advertising
                    allowed.  Hot topics: initialization strings for popular
                    software, OS/2 communications problems, fax compatiblity.
                    Host: Wm Duemler, Tips BBS

 Motorcycle    116 ùU'NI-net: Talk with other Bikers.
                    Host: Mick McKinnon, The Grinder BBS

 Movies        134 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of films & all aspects of film making.
                    We have knowledgeable people who are/were in the "biz.". I
                    am accredited by the studios, receiving invitations to
                    their screenings which I review. Messages come from
                    Singapore, Brazil, & points in between. Hot topics:
                    "Jurassic Park," "Last Action Hero."
                    Host: Ben J. Hoffman, The Grease Pit

 Music          73 ùU'NI-net: Music equipment, instruments & performance.
                    Host: Tom Geldner, San Diego's Know Ware BBS

 Naturism       67 ùU'NI-net: Naturism/Nudism issues, reviews, news, etc. Find
                    your local skinny-dipping hole or resort. Cross-posted
                    msgs. from other nets welcome with source ID'd, esp. on
                    news issues. Un-official support from TNS & ASA. NON
                    "Adult" conference. No sexual issues, unless related to
                    naturism. Recreational drugs not discussed-do not relate.
                    Host: John Ewin, Ground Zero

 NetNews        86 ùU'NI-net Network News.
                    Host: Joseph Sheppard, The Ledge

 NetUsers       76 ùU'NI-net Network Users, Help for U'NI-net.
                    Host: Joseph Sheppard, The Ledge

 Networks       26 ùU'NI-net: Different types of networks and methodologies of
                    networking computer systems.  Includes discussions of LANs,
                    WANs, Client-Server technology, etc. All LAN software, from
                    Novell to Web to UNIX is open for discussion.  Lots of
                    how-to tips and lots of experienced users with information
                    to share. Host: Mike Weixler, On-Line Exchange II

 Offline       133 ùU'NI-net: New Offline Readers & Auxiliary Software.
                    Host: Alan DuBoff, You Bet Your ASCII

 Opinion        69 ùU'NI-net: Personal Opinions, with discussions on politics
                    and social events. (unhosted conference)

 OS2            32 ùU'NI-net: The IBM OS/2 Operating System.
                    Host: Alan DuBoff, You Bet Your ASCII

 ParaNormal     90 ùU'NI-net: Beyond Human Understanding.
                    Host: Lyle Carey, Summit Data BBS

 Parents       137 ùU'NI-net: Parents can talk about the perils, pitfalls, and
                    rewards of that most challenging of all jobs:  raising
                    children. Host: Ruth Powers, Trinity BBS

 Pascal         19 ùU'NI-net: Technical discussion about the Pascal family of
                    programming languages.  Participants range from
                    professionals to beginners, so any question is fair game.
                    Current hot topics: Borland Pascal 7.0 and Turbo Pascal
                    7.0. (currently without a host)

 PC-Games       92 ùU'NI-net: A place to talk about playing computer-based
                    games of all kinds, from chess to arcade-style battle
                    simulators, both Shareware and Retail. Want to talk about
                    what games are hot?  Need help getting "unstuck" in a
                    difficult game? Find out about secret "cheat" modes? Gossip
                    about soon-to-be-released games? This is the place!
                    (currently without a host)

 PCBSUPTT      113 ùU'NI-net: Support for PCBoard, direct from Clark
                    Development Company.

 Pets           99 ùU'NI-net: Interested in birds, dogs, cats, or something
                    more exotic? We discuss just about every variety of pet!
                    Participants range from those with many years experience
                    including breeding/training to those considering a pet.
                    This is the place to ask questions, relate experiences, or
                    entertain us with your own pet's latest antics. Host: Jean
                    Dannelley, Noho BBS

 Photo         139 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of photographic techniques. Swap tips,
                    get advice, and learn whats new in the photographic
                    industry from professional and amatuer photographers around
                    the country. Host: David Byrnes, The Ledge

 PKware         11 ùU'NI-net: PKWare Compression Utilities.
                    Host: Bill Ziegler, the Toolshop BBS

 Politics       74 ùU'NI-net: Political Discussions.
                    (unhosted conference)

 Program        31 ùU'NI-net: Tips on Programming by Experts.
                    Host: Jerry Coffin, Monument Board

 Qedit          15 ùU'NI-net: Support for the line of SemWare software
                    products. SemWare Technical Support representatives will
                    answer questions and comments on the current line of
                    SemWare products include The SemWare Editor (TSE), QEdit
                    Advanced, QEdit TSR, and QEdit for OS/2.  This is a shared
                    support conference that can be found on several networks.
                    Host: Richard Blackburn, SemWare Technical Support BBS

 Qmodem         10 ùU'NI-net: Mustang Software Support for Qmodem, direct from
                    MSI.

 RadioDrama    123 ùU'NI-net: For some it's nostalgia for great shows like
                    "Suspense!", "The Jack Benny Program" and "The Shadow". For
                    others it's a discussion of the medium and current
                    productions like "Ruby, the Galactic Gumshoe" "I Love a
                    Mystery," 50th anniversary of "War of the Worlds," & the
                    BBC. A place for enthusiasts and producers of 'Theatre of
                    the Mind' alike. Host: Michael Jacobs, The Hotline

 Religion       98 ùU'NI-net: Religion. (unhosted conference)

 Rights        142 ùU'NI-net: Issues related to the rights of American Citizens
                    as written in our Constitution, particularly the first ten
                    Amendments, which are collectively referred to as the Bill
                    of Rights. Host: Bob Blaylock, Birdhouse BBS

 RIP-Grafix     44 ùU'NI-net: Remote Imaging Protocol - Menus, Doors, Icons &
                    Techniques.

 RNET           79 ùU'NI-net: Open support conference for RNET QWK packet echo
                    mail tosser and related products (such as TXT2MSG).  Hosted
                    and directly supported by RNET's author. Host: Robert
                    Vostreys, Faster-Than-Light

 RoboComm       82 ùU'NI-net: Support of the popular communcations program,
                    directly from Group One.  Hosted by the author of both
                    Robcomm and Robomail. Host: Dan Parsons, via Richware

 RoboMail      103 ùU'NI-net: Support of Robomail, the new database-oriented
                    mail reader, directly from Group One, the home of Robocomm.
                    Hosted by the author of both Robocomm and Robomail. Host:
                    Dan Parsons, via Richware

 RocknRoll      84 ùU'NI-net: Rock 'n Roll Music.
                    Host: Michael Davidson, Channel 8250

 Satellite     109 ùU'NI-net: Anything dealing with satellite delivered
                    television is discussed -- video and audio services,
                    changes in services, questions dealing with buying a
                    system, problems, and new technology. Host Robert Smathers
                    is a publisher of a satellite services chart as well as a
                    freelance author of satellite TV articles. Host: Robert
                    Smathers, Land of Enchantment

 Science        37 ùU'NI-net: General Science.
                    Host: Dave Oldridge, VE1EI BBS

 SEDIT          94 ùU'NI-net: This conference provides a forum for discussion
                    of SEDIT and other products from J.E. Smith Software, both
                    product support and future direction. Since all registered
                    users are eligible to beta test SEDIT, much of the
                    discussion centers on the current beta version. The
                    conference is hosted by SEDIT's author. Host: Jim Smith,
                    Channel 8250

 SharWare       30 ùU'NI-net: Discussion on Shareware Programs.
                    Host: Cam DeBuck, CamSoft, Inc.

 SHEZ          148 ùU'NI-net: Vendor Support for the Popular SHEZ Program
                    (archive management for ZIP, ARC, LZH, PAK, etc.) directly
                    from the author of the program. Host: Jim Derr, Kandy Shack

 SLMR-OLX       88 ùU'NI-net: Mustang Software Support for SLMR and OLX, direct
                    from MSI.

 SmallBus      100 ùU'NI-net: Small Business Administration.
                    Host: Jon Badeaux, The Hotline

 SoundCard     140 ùU'NI-net: MS-DOS Sound Hard/Software Discussion.
                    Host: Tom Geldner, San Diego's Know Ware BBS

 SpeedRead     141 ùU'NI-net: Discussion of SPEED READ, both product support
                    and future direction.  Since all registered users are
                    eligible to beta test SPEED, much of the discussion centers
                    on the current beta version.  The conference is hosted by
                    SPEED READ's author. Host: Jim Smith, Channel 8250

 Spoilers      147 ùU'NI-net: Discussions of "inside scoop" information about
                    shows or movies that haven't been viewed publicly yet (eg.
                    people who are able to catch the satellite downlink, were
                    able to see a script, or are just "in the know"). Cheat
                    codes for computer games (*not* "codewheel bypass"
                    techniques) are also welcome. Host: Michael Burkhart,
                    Center Point PCB

 Spreadsht     143 ùU'NI-net: Questions or comments relating to Lotus 1-2-3,
                    Quattro, Excel, or any other spreadsheet program - be it
                    Windows or DOS, 2 dimensional or 3, or one of the "next
                    generation" such as CA-Compete! or Lotus Improv.  Novices
                    are encouraged - no question is too simple! Host: Rush
                    Strong, The Grinder BBS

 StarTrek       89 ùU'NI-net: Star Trek series (TNG, TOS, DS9, TAS) & Trek
                    movies, novels, comic books & games. We discuss Trek
                    actors' appearances or interviews & Trek info of any kind:
                    stories, poems, & conventions. No spoilers allowed. Topics:
                    The Borg, who will or won't come back next year, new Trek
                    series, Starfleet & the military, Data & Lore, starship
                    names. Host: Deborah Bolen, Channel 8250

 Support         2 ùU'NI-net: HS/Link discussion and support directly from the
                    author. Host: Samuel Smith, The Toolshop

 Survivors     149 ùU'NI-net: If you've suffered abuse.
                    This conference is where SURVIVORS of abuse can find a
                    friendly, impartial meeting place to express themselves.
                    Here you can find someone who understands what you are
                    feeling because they too, have been there.  A safe place
                    to tell your story and begin the healing process.
                    However, it is not intended to be a substitute for outside
                    professional help by licensed therapists.
                    Host: Shelly Farber and Teri Brayall, Paradox Online BBS
    
 Sysops          7 ùU'NI-net: Sysop's Only. This is for the use of all Sysops
                    in the U'NI-net. All Sysops are welcome to join in. Come
                    join in. Host: Ernie Peltz, The Grease Pit

 Tech           71 ùU'NI-net: Computer-oriented technical discussions.
                    Host: Steve Lumos, Absolut(e)ly Temporary

 TeenClub      138 ùU'NI-net: For all teens (and wanna-be teens) to discuss
                    today's issues, or just for teens to talk with their peers
                    from all around the world. Host: Van Goodwin, Trinity BBS

 Telix           9 ùU'NI-net: A conference where we chat about different ways
                    to make Telix jump through hoops, or, at the least, get the
                    new user up and running with the best comm program in
                    shareware today. Host: Peter Raymond, Ranch & Cattle Metro
                    BBS

 UNI-Host      136 ùU'NI-net Conference Hosts (Private).
                    Host: Joseph Sheppard, The Ledge

 UNI-Hub       101 ùConference for U'NI-Net Hubs (Private).
                    Host: Joseph Sheppard, The Ledge

 UniAdmin       39 ùU'NI-net Administrative Conf (Private).
                    Host: Joseph Sheppard, The Ledge

 Unix           33 ùU'NI-net: The Unix Operating System. (currently without a
                    host)

 USRModem       78 ùU'NI-net: USRobotics Modems.
                    Host: Alex Stuart, Quantum Leap

 V-Buerg        13 ùU'NI-net: Talk to Vern Buerg about his Programs!

 Virus          35 ùU'NI-net: Virus is for discussion of all aspects of
                    computer security, first and foremost the ever-growing
                    virus problems on DOS machines. The accent is on both
                    general and technical steps users and administrators can
                    take to protect their computers and systems from deliberate
                    software sabotage. Host: Alan Dawson, War On Virus

 Wildcat        91 ùU'NI-net: Wildcat! BBS Software Sysop's Forum, with direct
                    support from MSI.

 Windows         8 ùU'NI-net: This conference is dedicated to the users of
                    Windows and to non-users also. It is for asking questions,
                    giving hints, answering questions, informing people of
                    anything interesting pertaining to Windows, and just about
                    anything else you can think of that would be informative to
                    someone who uses Windows. Host: Daniel Lee Ligon, Coyote's
                    Den

 WordProc       28 ùU'NI-net: Support and training of all Word Perfect
                    products. Hot topics: New features of ver. 6.0 and creative
                    uses for Wordperfect Presentations. Host: Ken Halfon,
                    Molecular Beam Laundry

 Wrestling      68 ùU'NI-net: Get the latest information on your favorite
                    wrestling alliance.  Full of good inside information all
                    the time. We have even had a EX-professional wrestler
                    echoing the conference.  Get the REAL scoop on your
                    favorite wrestler. Host: Charles Shapiro, Absolut(e)ly
                    Temporary

 Writers        29 ùU'NI-net: Writers and writing.
                    Host: Ed Evans, Kandy Shack

 WrldMarket     77 ùU'NI-net: International marketplace for selling overseas. A
                    smaller version of the BUY-SELL conference dedicated to
                    helping network users conduct business internationally. Hot
                    topic: Modems with rockbottom prices. Host: Wm Duemler,
                    Tips BBS

